Add new UI and API for Toggling Endpoint Access (#621)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/security/private-endpoints.txt

  connections over the MongoDB wire protocol <wire-protocol>`. If one is
  enabled, you cannot enable the other.

> - By default, private Endpoints only handle internal requests. You can  
>   :ref:`change access restrictions <change_access_restrictions>` from all 
>   requests outside your PrivateLink connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, private Endpoints only handle requests that originate from within your VPC.
  You can configure your App to also accept requests from the public internet. To learn how,
  see :ref:`Change Access Restrictions <change_access_restrictions>`.
```

            Optionally, enter a comment that describes the purpose of the
            endpoint. Then click :guilabel:`Next`.

         .. step:: Modify Your VPC Private DNS

            a. Use the AWS CLI to modify your VPC private DNS settings. This
               ensures that your App can resolve the private endpoint's DNS name
               to the correct IP address.
   
               .. code-block:: sh
   
                  aws ec2 modify-vpc-endpoint \
                    --region <your-aws-deployment-region> \
                    --vpc-endpoint-id <your-vpc-endpoint-id> \
                    --private-dns-enabled
            
            #. If this is the first Private Endpoint you are creating, you will 
               see a toggle you can use to either restrict or open all access from 
               requests outside your PrivateLink connection. By default, App 
               Services blocks all requests coming from outside your PrivateLink 
               connection. This setting applies to this endpoint and **all 
               additional endpoints you create**. Refer to :ref:`change access 

>                restrictions <change_access_restrictions>` for more information.

Reviewer: Can we add an equivalent step to the Admin API procedure step 2? i.e. a new field in the request body (if possible)

Author: There is no new field in the request body, alas. It can only be set via the new endpoint.
